_descriptions/faq.md, before:

## Will my data be publicly available?
The short answer: No, by uploading your *23andMe* file you don't agree to make your data public or give anyone access to this data. It will be stored in your account and you decide with whom to share.

The longer answer: It can be public if you want it to be public. If you're logged in into *Open Humans&* you can [head to your personal data page, and make individual sources publicly available](https://www.openhumans.org/member/me/data/). If that's too much genome sharing for you, you can also [see if there are individual projects or studies with which you want to share your genome](https://www.openhumans.org/explore-share/).

## Where do I find the raw data I'm supposed to upload?
If you [head to the *23andMe* website you should find a link](https://you.23andme.com/tools/data/download/) that allows you to request a download of your data. After a bit of time you should
get an email with the link to download your full data set. This file should
be a single `.zip` file. You can upload this one right away. We will take care
of the rest.

## Are other file formats okay too?
If you've already unzipped your file or have repackaged the contained `.txt`
into a `.gz` or `.bz2`, these will work as well. Please make sure not not change
the format of the file though. Otherwise the processing on our end will fail
and we will delete the file from your account.

## File Conversions
We will use your *23andMe* file additionally to convert it into the more
common `.vcf` format. This way you can use your data in additional genomic
exploration tools!

## How-to get in touch:
This *Open Humans* project is hosted and run by the *Open Humans* team.

You can reach us via email at support@openhumans.org or on Twitter at @[OpenHumansOrg](http://www.twitter.com/OpenHumansOrg).

Commit message:

edited copy to ancestry instead 23andme

_descriptions/faq.md, after:

## Will my data be publicly available?
The short answer: No, by uploading your *AncestryDNA* file you don't agree to make your data public or give anyone access to this data. It will be stored in your account and you decide with whom to share.

The longer answer: It can be public if you want it to be public. If you're logged in into *Open Humans&* you can [head to your personal data page, and make individual sources publicly available](https://www.openhumans.org/member/me/data/). If that's too much genome sharing for you, you can also [see if there are individual projects or studies with which you want to share your genome](https://www.openhumans.org/explore-share/).

## Where do I find the raw data I'm supposed to upload?
If you [head to the *AncestryDNA* website](https://www.ancestry.com/dna/). From there:

1. Log in to the AncestryDNA site
2. From the AncestryDNA status page click the link "manage test settings".
3. On the "settings" page click the "Get started" button on the right under "Download your raw DNA data".
4. Enter your password. This will trigger an email that will be sent to your email account on file, which will include a link to confirm download of the DNA data.
5. Open the email and click the "Confirm data download" button in the email.
6. Click on "Download Raw DNA Data".

## Are other file formats okay too?
If you've already unzipped your file or have repackaged the contained `.txt`
into a `.gz` or `.bz2`, these will work as well. Please make sure not not change
the format of the file though. Otherwise the processing on our end will fail
and we will delete the file from your account.

## File Conversions
We will use your *AncestryDNA* file additionally to convert it into the more
common `.vcf` format. This way you can use your data in additional genomic
exploration tools!

## How-to get in touch:
This *Open Humans* project is hosted and run by the *Open Humans* team.

You can reach us via email at support@openhumans.org or on Twitter at @[OpenHumansOrg](http://www.twitter.com/OpenHumansOrg).
